I am a Lawyer, Speaker, Artist and a Climate Advocate. 

Involved in the Field of Conservation since the age of 12, I am an Environmental Lawyer working in the field of Climate Change Policy and Net-Zero transition. 

I work on Climate, Law, and Policy, primarily in the Urban space. I have been trained in performing Climate Vulnerability Assessment & Resilience Building for Urban and Semi-urban Communities. I have formal education in Public Affairs, International Relations and Environmental Law. But at heart, I think of myself as someone trying to bridge the gap between climate science, law, and the everyday stories of people and places impacted by the climate crisis.

I have spent a majority of my childhood volunteering for conservation projects, participating in wildlife census, and working with indigenous tribes for climate justice. For that, I have collected, analyzed data, and compiled the findings in reports and research articles.
 
I feel honoured to be selected by UNICEF as a Youth representative, by Greenpeace as a CLimate Leader, and by US Department of State as a Climate Action Champion.

As a Climate Policy Researcher at EECC (Energy, Environment and Climate Change), I worked to include the demands of communities in policy recommendations which are pitched to the Local and State government bodies. I proposed policies to increase the carbon sequestration potential of the Pune Metropolitan Region, with a dream of making it Net Carbon neutral by 2050!

A lot of my work revolves around figuring out how we can use the law - not just in courtrooms, but in campaigns, communities, and sustainability policies of companies.

Along with Climate Policy analysis and research, I love giving talks and conducting seminars on Climate Action and Policy. There is nothing more I like to do than convincing young adults of my generation that their voice matters in the world, and they can truly bring about a change!

I like to engage with communities about the impact of their actions on Climate Change. I’ve co-authored a book, spoken at TEDx, and I’m always looking for ways to make these complex and very dense issues a little more human, a little more accessible, and most importantly-  centered around real people and real change.

I feel that each one of us should utilize our voice and our privilege, to have conversations about the topics which need our attention. And that is exactly what I hope to do!

In my free time you’ll catch me brewing coffee, sketching, or fostering the strays :)
